
Arianna Lanz ’17 is a rising senior in the Astrophysical Sciences department at Princeton University, with a certificate in Statistics and Machine Learning. Originally from Los Angeles, CA, Arianna’s life has always been filled with a fascination with stars…human or otherwise. She loves the performing arts, having performed in over 60 productions in her lifetime, and upwards of 15 at Princeton, and recently started directing on campus. She is also a proud member of the Princeton University Wildcats a cappella group, and the Princeton Triangle Club. Being loud and loquacious in English isn’t enough for her, so she spends her free time becoming proficient in Chinese, French, German, and Dutch. 

Jacob Tyles ’19 was born in Hartford, Connecticut, and moved to Bridgewater, New Jersey, at the age of 6 where he grew up. He is a current sophomore undergraduate at Princeton University, where he intends on receiving an AB in Astrophysics and a certificate concentration in Statistics and Machine Learning. His current interests revolve around binary stellar systems, roche lobes and mass loss rates, core collapse supernovae, and black hole accretion disks. Outside of academics, Jacob enjoys playing the piano and cello, cooking, writing music, and hiking various trails. 

Bethlee Lindor, ’18 lives in Irvington, NJ and is currently a member of the William Trego Singers, and the Gymnastics club on campus. Can usually be found listening to music, and playing E-sports. cd This summer I will be working with Joel Hartman on analyzing models of possible blend cases for transiting systems in order to confirm the observed data.